[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
>> I'm still trying to get off
the planet, I make myself small.
That's it and I'm done.
I'm so happy to be
off that planet.
[BANJO MUSIC]
>> My name is Susan Hughes.
I am 59 and I live
in Dublin, Ireland.
When I was 17 or 18, I
started looking furthermore
because my life
was very difficult.
There was trauma in my life.
I actually fell pregnant.
I really felt like nobody
really cared about me or for me.
And so I needed to
struggle through that.
So that stepped me
onto the journey.
I went on.
I got married, had
two more children.
And I discovered an online site.
It was a spiritualist
teaching site.
People were doing
readings for other people.
And I'm saying that is amazing.
I'll never be able to do that.
And actually, I
do, of course, now.
But I became a staff member
on that site and also
a teacher on that site to train
in my spiritual endeavors,
in my mediumship, I can
connect with the spirit of both
the person here in front
of me and the person who
has left their body and
resides on spirit side of life.
We might leave this human body,
but the energy of us remains.
>> Hi.
>> Hello.
>> Hi, hon.
Good day?
>> Not too bad.
Not too bad.
>> I met my husband.
And that itself had
brought a lot of trauma
because neither of us
understood how to be
adults in this adult world.
And so we kind of
grew up together.
So we've been through many, many
challenges within that marriage.
Many others would not survive.
But we somehow
pulled it through.
Then I was diagnosed
with MS in my late 20s,
and so that was a challenge.
That was very, very frightening.
Life is not perfect.
It isn't perfect,
nor should it be.
I met Triona many years
ago, and we became friends.
And so I was fascinated with
this stuff that Triona does.
And I went I'm going
to do a session.
It's fascinating what you do.
Let me give it a try.
And she did a session
with me that really helped
me move from these fears.
And I thought that
is so powerful.
I have healed from
a lot of issues
that have dogged me in my life.
I've worked darn hard at that
through counseling therapy
and also sessions with Triona.
But I'd like to find out
why did I choose this life?
Why did I choose
those challenges?
Because they weren't very nice.
But I suppose that's
what life is about.
So I want to go deeper
into that and find out why.
Because perhaps
it will assist me,
assist others as I move
forward in this life further.
I'm living my life
as best as I can now.
[EXCITING MUSIC]
>> I'm Triona Sheeran.
I work out of Greystones and
County Dublin in Ireland.
I am an LBL facilitator.
That is a Life Between
Lives by Michael Newton.
LBL is a method of
regression using hypnosis
to take you into the afterlife
to access all of those soul
memories, who you
were and who you
are before any and
all incarnations.
I grew up in Ireland.
It's primarily a Roman
Catholic environment.
I was one of the rebellious ones
with my generation growing up
in the '80s, so I always felt
there was something more.
But it was really only after
this deep awakening in 2015
that I started going
really, really deep
into my own spiritual journey.
It was very interesting how
I came across Michael Newton.
I was in the theology
and the spiritual section
in a bookshop looking
for more books to read.
And this book called
the "Afterlife"
literally flew off the
shelf by Barry Eaton.
He referenced Michael Newton and
some of Michael Newton's work.
So at the same time, I went
and grabbed "Destiny of Souls,"
the first one I read.
It taught me that
there's a process
to access these memories of
who we really, really are.
I adore Michael Newton's work.
The scientist in me adores
the scientific approach
of researching what do we do.
I started my work for the LBL.
It requires you to be
a hypnotherapist first.
It requires you to have done
various different past life
regression sessions.
So LBL is intended to be broken
up into two types of sessions
because you're aiming
to get them deep,
deep, deep into those
memories that we're carrying.
What I discovered is that it's
not only channeling memories
you're channeling in the now.
So it's giving them
information about their past,
but it's also giving them
information about their future.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
I get a lot of clients
who carry a lot of trauma
and a lot of questions
about why have
I incarnated into this family.
Perhaps they've had abuse
in their family or just
even a curiosity
about relationships
and why haven't they worked out.
And it is profoundly healing
because in "Journey of Souls,"
Michael Newton discovered to
thousands of clients that they
all follow a process.
We all pick our own family.
And we all pick our
situations, our country,
where we're going to be born.
We pick our body.
We pick whether we're
going to be male or female.
Michael Newton discovered that
we plan all of this in order
to help us get what we want.
And our soul mission, our soul
contracts out of this lifetime
it's all chosen.
We choose it but we choose it
for a very specific purpose,
which can be incredibly,
profoundly healing for everyone
to understand why.
It's so empowering to know
who you are as a soul being.
And it can answer questions
like, why am I here?
What is my soul purpose?
I wonder how can I be the best
incarnated being that I can be?
Who you are carries all
of that knowledge, all
of your abilities, all
of that information
from millennia of a soul being.
That's what LBL is for.
>> So, Susan, we are going to be
doing an LBL today Life Between
Lives.
So I know you've
done some other work.
>> Yup.
>> With me and a lot
of work on yourself.
And this is the great thing is
this isn't about trauma, not
about trauma release.
This is about knowing you who
you are, your eternal soul self.
So you had a regression
into the afterlife before.
Remind me, what was
that like for you.
Whenever you can
remember is perfect.
What was that like?
>> A remembrance came of
being an old, old man.
I saw myself as an old, old man
sitting on top of the mountain,
looking down on this world.
And I just remembered
that because I
don't remember all of it.
And I know you told me
stuff afterwards what I am.
Really?
>> So it's going to be very
similar because you're going
down to those deeper
levels where is it for you,
is it sometimes that your
conscious mind is there
and other times it's
completely gone?
>> Yeah, yeah, because I
have that control thing.
And that's part of
those fears that you
helped me release myself from.
But there's always a little
bit of something left.
But of course I trust you.
>> So tell me
about that element,
a little bit of
element like control.
You said I felt the
need to feel protected.
Why is that?
>> Well, growing up, there
was a lot of issues around
in the family, and there was
a former family of seven.
And I think my parents got
together and immediately
had a child.
And that's the way it was.
And then six followed after.
Seven children to a woman
who didn't want children.
You know people say about
don't cry over spilled milk?
Well, there'll be a hell
of a war if milk spilled.
So the tension, the
tension, the tension.
And also within that space,
I was sexually abused.
So that's the fear.
That's what do you want?
If someone compliments,
well, what do you want?
I know this scar that has left--
has affected how I see myself
and my capabilities, I
suppose my confidence
because always not being
good enough or well,
nobody cares anyway.
That fed my independence.
So in essence, I'm kind
of figuring in my mind,
if we are put on this earth
having figured our challenges
before we arrive.
I kind of go, well, yeah,
I'm figuring them out.
But if that's the
case, what's next?
Does that mean I can have
an easy ride now, please?
Thank you very much.
>> Why has it been difficult
to or perceive what we perceive
to be difficult?
>> You know, Triona, I've
worked really hard on not being
a controlist.
I think it's a part
of me that if it went,
I'd be going, where is that?
I'd miss it because that's the
thing that helped me think about
have to do a, b, c, and d.
And to do that, I have
to learn how to do that.
So it's part of my makeup and
my organizing skills and things.
So not to be lax.
And I have found when I've
tried not to be that controller,
things don't work sometimes
or I miss something.
How could I have missed that?
So that's a bit--
I don't know.
>> What guidance-- because
you're going to get all that
guidance for you today.
>> Yeah.
>> What guidance do you want to
know for you that you can't seem
to somehow--
that you can get
for other people,
but you can't get for yourself?
>> To have my childhood in
that way, so frightening.
Why should a child
be so frightened?
Why did I have to be so
frightened as a child?
>> Why do we choose these things
knowing it's going to take
decades.
Is this something that
we're really picking?
So that's going to be
really important question.
Why did I choose
to be frightened
or to be put in a situation?
Or did I choose this to be
put into a situation where I'm
going to have a lot of fear?
It's going to take me a long
time to clear that fear.
>> Yeah, that's a good one.
>> Yeah, that's a good question.
>> Yeah, wonderful.
It's so hard to put in
words because it's this,
it's emptiness but it's
not completely empty.
It's a sadness, but
I'm not unhappy.
There's something just--
a little link is missing.
A little link of me is missing.
Maybe it's back to the
man on the mountain.
Maybe that's where I want to be.
And I'm here in this,
going through all this.
And he's gone, why did
you choose to do that?
And I'm going, I don't know.
Let's find out.
>> So many people have
this, especially what I call
mission-based souls.
But this heaviness,
this missing something,
you really need an
answer for that.
>> Yeah.
For me, knowledge dispels fear.
If I know it, if I understand
it, I'll work with it.
>> So how this works is in
order to embody you into this
beautiful place of relaxation,
we go down through some
childhood memories,
generally start at about 12,
down into the womb.
So when you're in this
lovely, relaxed place,
your other part of your
mind, your subconscious mind,
just takes you very gently
into these memories.
It's very easy to do.
So you will be accessing
your memories that are
held in your subconscious mind.
So these are places and
memories of your soul
and your soul imprint
where you've been before.
If you're feeling sad,
this is a good reason why.
The soul is journeying and
evolving and understanding.
And we live and incarnate for
experiences on top of that,
not the other way around.
Is there anything else you
feel you'd like to know
or that's come to your mind now?
>> I think that's good.
I think that's good.
>> Now, see yourself, imagine
yourself walking, moving,
floating, going towards
a beautiful long tunnel.
And I'm soon going to
count from 10 down to one.
>> Cannot tell you how excited
I was going down that tunnel.
And I was running down
it and she was too slow.
Three, I'm moving five.
And I got there, and
I was just emotionally
filled with love and joy.
And I am home.
I'm home.
Just light.
It's like a blanket.
>> What color is the light?
>> White.
>> Do you look down beneath you?
How'd you sense where you are?
>> Have to go meet people.
>> You need to go meet people.
>> Have to go sit down and talk.
>> Oh, let's go there now.
Who's here with me?
>> Four.
>> Five.
>> Four, five.
>> Globes.
Gold globes.
It's not just a globe.
It was a universe.
It was a power.
It was, it was just so much
more that couldn't be described.
Different understanding.
Different places.
>> Do you sense a body or
no body here with them?
>> No body.
I loved being home.
I loved being with my friends.
To make it really
simple, it's like us
going out with our
buddies and say, well,
how did that journey go for you?
>> You look at your
inner core, your energy.
Did you sense that?
>> Light, bright,
moving, powerful.
Has layers.
Layers and layers.
>> It's so healing
for Susan to be here.
There's an awful lot of people
obviously sometimes feel
and sense and miss their soul,
family, their best friends.
And this is exactly
the case for Susan.
>> Light pouring down,
but it's not light.
It's diamonds creating
a mountain of diamonds.
It's my job.
>> It's your job.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Tell me more about your job.
>> It's my job to
make the diamonds.
>> Your job to
>> It's a good job.
I like it.
>> What's the purpose
of this diamond?
>> To bring light.
I'm ensuring that there's
chips of diamonds,
small diamonds moving
into Earth in the bodies
of those incarnated.
And it is their connection to
the God source, the divine,
their own soul,
whichever way it works.
And it's my job to ensure that
everybody has their diamond.
>> They are just chips.
They're cut from a big diamond.
The big diamond
never gets smaller.
>> This is how she spends
the majority of her time
in the afterlife.
This is what she does.
This is who she is.
Breaking up these large diamond
or this powerful source energy
of some kind into these smaller
diamonds that everyone gets one.
>> Do you know my
spiritual name is Diadem,
which actually is crown,
the princess's crown.
But, again, because I even had
it tattooed onto my arm, Diadem.
It's not a brilliant tattoo,
but it's imprinted on me.
So that is my spiritual name.
>> Now, you're moving on.
What happens next?
Where do you go to next?
>> I don't know this place.
>> Does it feel new?
>> Yeah.
The ground is yellow.
Those mountains are yellow.
I'm not sure about this.
>> Let's stay with
this experience now.
That's good.
>> I didn't like it.
As soon as I got there,
I didn't like it.
Don't want it.
Not working for me.
>> Are you alone here?
As you look around,
is there anyone else
or any other beings with you?
>> Just those people over there.
But--
>> About the people, how'd
you sense the people?
>> I'm waiting for my momma.
>> Oh, for your momma.
Maybe at home, what
do you look like?
How'd you sense
someone in this place?
>> It's just a space.
>> How would you spend your
time here in this space?
>> Numbers.
Solving numbers.
It's quite cold.
It's like it's not finished.
>> Give me about
your sense of momma.
What does she do
here in this place?
>> She makes sure
I don't escape.
>> Where did you go?
Where did you escape to?
Momma was not there?
>> Get off this planet.
>> You'd get off the
planet if you could.
Do you like where you are?
Do you like this place?
>> No.
>> Instantly, she does
not like this place.
She's saying, get
me out of here.
I don't want to be here.
It's alone.
It's cold.
Why am I here?
I don't know why I'm here.
This is a very heavy
emotion for Susan.
She's desperate to get out.
And for you to escape
you get off that planet.
Where would you go to?
>> Just not there.
>> Do you not like being
here in this planet?
>> No.
It was half done.
It wasn't ready for
anything to live on.
And certainly, it wasn't
ready for me to live on it.
It's just-- wasn't nice.
I couldn't wait to get off it.
Wherever that is,
I ain't going back.
I'm still trying to
get off the planet.
I make myself small.
That's it and I'm done.
It's job-- job done.
Once I had learned that
was it, I'd learned.
>> What's the significance
or purpose of making yourself
smaller?
>> So I could get
off the planet.
Look, my job's done.
That's it.
I'm going.
How many times you
want me to tell you,
I'm not going back
to that planet.
>> Do you experience
of what happens next?
>> I'm so happy to
be off that planet.
I feel like at the moment,
I'm in no man's land.
I'm in the naughty
corner of the universe.
I've not been punished.
I don't feel being punished.
But just time out.
Just relaxed and thoughtful.
Writing a lot.
>> Have you been here before?
Is this the first time?
>> No, I know this place.
I was sent to the universal
naughty corner, basically.
And I loved it because
it was time out
space for me to think it was.
It didn't feel pressured
or I had been naughty,
but I liked having time to
be retrospective, to be--
really try and bring deeper
understanding to my experiences.
>> In this place of
time or reflection,
she learns to grow as a soul.
She describes how my soul is
getting all of this information.
I'm understanding more.
I'm writing.
I'm reflecting back.
>> I return to the group.
>> You returned to the group.
OK.
Tell me about the group.
How are you sensing
this group now?
>> We just talk.
We talk about
advancement, progression.
We have a lot of joy.
We share a lot of joy.
>> A lot of joy.
>> We go out and experience
different adventures,
different aspects, and
different lifestyles.
And then we draw back
together and discuss
about these
experiences, I suppose,
to progress the soul space
and the knowledge and the joy.
It's all about joy
and love, really.
>> You're now moving on to
the place where you meet
your elders, your
council, your guides.
Would you to tell me
about how you see them,
how you sense them?
>> Light.
>> One?
Is it more?
>> Many.
>> Many lights.
OK.
>> Separate but together.
I like it here.
>> Michael Newton talks
about this journey of souls,
how soul groups can come
and clusters of light.
How does it feel to be
here with them now again?
>> Good.
>> It's good.
OK.
>> How did they greet you?
What did they say to you?
>> With love.
How do they call
you in this place?
>> Sharia.
>> Oh, Sharia.
It's beautiful.
Sharia.
For Sharia, what do
they wish to tell you?
>> I'm talking to Jane.
>> Oh!
Jane is your good, good friend.
Is that right?
>> Hmm.
>> Oh, that's wonderful.
What does Jane wish
to say to you, Sharia?
>> Just welcome home.
>> Since you've been gone a
long time or a short time?
>> Gone a long time.
>> A long time.
Does Jane wish to advise now
about your next incarnation
that you're planning, Susan?
>> She doesn't want me to go.
>> Oh, she doesn't
want you to go.
Why not?
Why didn't she want you to go?
>> I've done enough.
>> Did she want you to stay
there with her and the other
beings and work
with the diamonds?
>> Yes.
>> Jane steps forward.
Her best, best friend.
She goes, I'm telling
her not to do it.
She's already done a lot.
She's already done this.
Why does she want to go in
again and incarnate again.
I'm telling her
she's done enough.
>> How does she feel about you
planning your next incarnation
of Susan?
>> She would support me.
It's going to help me think.
Uplift negative thoughts.
>> No, she doesn't want you to
go because she said you've done
enough work already.
What advice can Jane give
you now about your next?
>> Be truthful.
Tell the truth.
>> Tell the truth.
>> Share the truth.
She's telling me
I've done enough.
You don't need to do this.
But if you are going to do it,
stay in the light of truth.
Stay with truth.
Tell people about the truth.
Interesting because that's
what I would consider myself
in this human existence
to be akin to.
>> I'm asking for the highest
source of wisdom that can
communicate with you and
act today to step forward.
Describe his stepping forward.
>> It's male, tall, strong,
ancient, an Egyptian head piece.
>> Have you met
this being before?
>> Yeah.
He's like my father.
>> What advice and information
does he wish to share with you
now today that's
going to help you?
>> He puts a crown on my head
and says "don't forget who you
are."
>> And the crown.
Describe the crown
that's on your head.
>> It's just interwoven metal.
Light.
Not heavy.
>> He put it on my
head and he said,
"Don't you forget who you are."
Again.
If I've to go back to diadem,
it is a princess's crown.
I don't want to be
going, I am a princess
and all of that kind of thing.
But it has followed me
through my life, which
of course, is what I try to help
people and myself understand.
>> Do I have permission to
speak directly with him now?
>> Yeah.
>> Hmm, thank you.
Why didn't Jane want her to go?
>> Because she would have
to re-learn what she knows.
>> What relearn everything?
>> She thinks she didn't
learn it well enough.
>> What's your
understanding of that?
Tell me more, please.
>> She can choose
what she chooses.
>> Now, she can choose.
Is this a sense of free will?
What we humans call free will?
>> Yes.
>> Why is Susan going to
choose or Sharias that's going
to choose to incarnate as Susan?
Why is that?
>> Because that's who she is.
>> That's who she is.
Had she had many
incarnations before?
>> She has.
>> Tell me, please,
about that place,
that planet with the yellow.
>> That's not fully finished.
>> And she really
wanted to get off.
Why is it so important for her
not to get off, to stay there?
>> She could have
assisted in progression.
>> So was she there to
assist in progression?
>> Yes.
>> You sent this sense of
free will and free choice.
So for free will, she left.
Is that correct?
>> It's true.
>> Uh-huh.
How do you feel about her
leaving that planet when
she was there to assist--
>> It's her choice.
>> You have free will.
You choose everything.
She chose to go to
the yellow planet.
She chose to leave
She chose-- it
encouraged, but she
chose to go to the place
of self-reflection.
She chose then to incarnate
again into this lifetime.
So all of this is
free will and choice.
We are never made
to do anything.
It is our soul's journey
to want to do this.
Susan, the soul of Susan chose
to incarnate into this body.
Now, Susan, did you
choose to incarnate
into that family of mom,
dad, brother, or sisters?
>> Of course.
>> OK.
Thank you.
Why did she choose
to incarnate knowing
that it's going to
be somewhat what
we perceive to be difficult.
>> Because that's what she does.
>> Oh, why is that?
Why does she choose
these difficult--
>> She challenges.
>> Challenges.
Is she so who likes challenges.
>> She challenges constantly.
>> Why is that?
Why does she
challenge constantly?
>> Her desire to learn and
understand is profound.
>> What I'm really
getting from this,
as we're going back over the
session is deeper, Susan,
you're doing a good job.
>> Susan senses
sadness within her,
although her life can be very
happy, a deep sense of sadness,
not unhappiness.
And she's always felt
like something is missing.
What is that feeling?
>> Us.
Home.
>> Did she miss you?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> What advice can you give
us now to help Susan in order
for her to not
feel that sadness?
>> She knows.
Go within.
We agreed that tie
will never break.
>> You're never forgotten.
You're never alone.
Their strength, their
love, their support
continues on even if
we make that free will
choice to incarnate.
>> So I thank you
for this information.
I really appreciate
you sharing it.
Thank you.
What do you like
to tell Susan now?
>> Just be who you are.
It really touches me
to know that I know it
and to know that I forget it.
And so it's so great
to be reminded.
>> How are you feeling?
>> Ugh.
>> Take your time.
Very discombobulating.
How long did it feel?
>> Two hours.
>> Just shy of three.
Three hours.
>> Right.
OK.
>> Three hours.
It was very powerful
to remind her
that that feeling of
missing home is OK,
but in fact, it's free
will choosing to come.
That she is never alone.
That we are always
connected, and she
will be connected forever.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
>> Two weeks now
since my session,
and I'm still intrigued with it.
I'm still fascinated with it.
So I felt so comforted.
I felt so at peace,
I think, which
is part of love and comfort.
I was very much at peace.
I knew who I was in that moment.
The next day I was very joyful.
I was very light.
My energy was very light.
And, you know, I'm
still reflecting on it.
Things pop into my mind, but
the remembering who you are.
I just kind of went,
yeah, I forget.
I forget.
And it's not about I'm
all the way up there.
It's about the soul of me
and my purpose and my ability
to share with others in my work.
Just remember who I am
and just do your best.
Thank you, Triona so much for
that journey into my soul.
And I really, truly look forward
to fulfilling who I actually am.
[THEME MUSIC]